so we're headed to contain a city this
was originally a Dockyard but it's
become a shantytown in its in pre poor
state
right we do this by the book weapons
cold in and out before they know where
is and he's one of us has to be near the
maintenance what we're to move your
scores into the objectives destroy any
article in its heart okay as it is done
by to repair the boat if it gets damaged
once i give chicken to put other stuff
so much find out what in hell the
resistors are planning ha
there goes our element of surprise shit
we're sitting ducks know every lobe
fight that is going to know we're coming
in hey if they are smart they will lie
low if not standard always applied do
not fire unless they fire up on you but
if they do put them bound fast amen to
that receiving fire receiving enemy fire
there was an incoming okay that was
income where is he where is he he's gone
weapons hot combat spacing clear the
route will get the but you go ahead
click away now if I'm playing offline
with no internet connection I can treat
this like a traditional shooter but I
have these cool command posts that I can
use real times change my combat role by
picking up a different kit and I'm gonna
pick operative class he's the stealthy
guy who sneaks behind enemy lines and I
want a light weapon so i'm going to pick
a cross submachine gun
if I was playing soldier it be my job to
try and get that gay destroyed but i'm
playing operative so i'm going to use a
subjective wheel to find something cool
to do that will help the squad and for
300 experience points at the bottom I
can see interrogate the enemy it's going
to give you an arrow at the top of the
screen so I know where to go what to do
when I get there and what my reward will
be for success time